[All Hosts] (testing) clarify tool only works on Beta channel (#3695)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/includes/use-legacy-edge-or-ie.md

1. If your project was *not* created with the [Yeoman generator for Office Add-ins](../develop/yeoman-generator-overview.md) tool, you need to install the office-addin-dev-settings tool. Run the following command in a command prompt.

>    > [!NOTE]

Reviewer: I think this note should be placed before Step 1 (on line 2 in this file), because a customer shouldn't start any of the steps until they understand what the Beta channel is and how to access it.

>    > This `webview` switch of this tool that you use (see the next step) is supported only in the Beta subscription channel of Microsoft 365. Join the [Office Insider program](https://insider.office.com/join/windows) and select the **Beta Channel** option to access Office beta builds. See also [About Office: What version of Office am I using?](https://support.microsoft.com/office/932788b8-a3ce-44bf-bb09-e334518b8b19).

Reviewer: A couple grammatical suggestions and an adjustment for brevity. 
```suggestion
   > The `webview` switch of this tool (see **Step 2**) is supported only in the Beta subscription channel of Microsoft 365. Join the [Office Insider program](https://insider.office.com/join/windows) and select the **Beta Channel** option to access Office Beta builds. See also [About Office: What version of Office am I using?](https://support.microsoft.com/office/932788b8-a3ce-44bf-bb09-e334518b8b19).
```
